Minor documentation update (#48)
ess-dmsc/streaming-data-types: README.md

df12        df12_det_spec_map.fbs             Detector-spectrum map for Mantid
ai33        ai33_det_count_imgs.fbs           Accumulated counts of detection events
ai34        ai34_det_counts.fbs               Counts on each detector pixel from a single pulse
senv        senv_data.fbs                     Used for storing for waveforms from DG ADC readout system.

> NDAr        NDAr_NDArray_schema.fbs           Not in active use.

Author: ```suggestion
NDAr        NDAr_NDArray_schema.fbs           Holds binary blob of data with n dimensions.
```
